the Internet is a mysterious place
there's so much weirdness it's
impossible to follow all of it I have
two young children at home so I like to
keep up with what the kids are into
which is challenging because there's so
much out there with the fortnight and a
five-night it's nut so I asked my
goddaughter Frankie who is 7 years old
to teach me about something she enjoys
online and she introduced me to a world
I was unaware of the world of makeup
tutorials so this is my goddaughter
Frankie Frankie you watch these makeup
tutorials Wow what are you trying to
learn from these things how did you make
up yeah and do you wear makeup oh my
girl that's us but not a lot only a
grandma your grandma is my aunt chippy
and she really does a beautiful job with
her makeup so do you want your makeup to
look like your grandma chippies no not
really
okay well and what about fake eyelashes
do you like those
yeah did you know your grandma wears
fake eyelashes yes yes and what do you
think of those they're disgusting why
are they discussing because you have new
eyelashes on and it's really hurtful
Yeah right you're gluing what looks like
a bat to your face right and then
another bat to match yeah so let's watch
one of these makeup tutorials and you
can tell me about it
all right all right oh this is a My
Little Pony video yeah oh okay a wire
her eyes purple I don't know that's
weird isn't it
yeah let's watch one of these other ones
here and see look at how this one's a
deer makeup tutorial
they make you up to look like a deer Wow
do you think you could do this yeah you
want to watch this and try doing deer
makeup to me Wow
okay let's try it all right
go crazy okay do I look like a deer yet
no are people gonna call me a racist
online after this you're gonna highlight
and contour your skin TV extreme who's
your favorite spice girl I know you want
to come to her on the top of your nose
well I could be right I do yeah
oh dear now this is what your
grandmother uses right yeah miss Garrett
snitch he didn't put it on with one of
these little brushes he puts it on with
a toothbrush we're just gonna elongate
the inner corner of your eyes a little
bit no what's that called Oh
eyeliner okay would this be a good time
for me to get on a trampoline relax
okay put your head up
[Music]
oh yeah okay daddy
done yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it now
you look like a deer if you try this out
definitely I see the mirror can you let
me look at myself let me see what you
did here Wow pretty good right antlers
and you've learned all that just from
this tutorial wow this is pretty good
you know what I tell you something
on Halloween I'm gonna need you to come
over okay okay okay
thanks Frankie you're welcome should we
look at one more picture of your grandma
chippie yeah you should do your hair now
thanks for frankie apologies to end
champion if you liked that video then
put a ring on it click the subscribe
button below
Oh